tidb-in-kubernetes: make deploy doc clearer on GCP (#1570)
pingcap/docs: dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/deploy/gcp-gke.md

      cpu: 30m
      memory: 30Mi
EOF
```

{{< copyable "" >}}

```
override_values_file = "./test-cluster.yaml"
```

The default cluster uses `values/default.yaml` in the `deploy/modules/gcp/tidb-cluster` module as the overriding values file.

In GKE, some configuration items are not customizable in `values.yaml`, such as the cluster version, replicas, `NodeSelectors` and `Tolerations`. `NodeSelector` and `Tolerations` are controlled by Terraform to ensure consistency between the infrastructure and TiDB clusters. Cluster version and replicas can be modified in each `tidb-cluster` module in the `clusters.tf` file directly.

> **Note:**
>
>It's not recommended to include the following configurations (default configurations of `tidb-cluster` module) in the customized `values.yaml`:
>
> ```
> pd:
>   storageClassName: pd-ssd
> tikv:
>   stroageClassName: local-storage
> tidb:
>   service:
>     type: LoadBalancer
>     annotations:
>       cloud.google.com/load-balancer-type: "Internal"
>   separateSlowLog: true
> monitor:
>   storageClassName: pd-ssd
>   persistent: true
>   grafana:
>     config:
>       GF_AUTH_ANONYMOUS_ENABLED: "true"
>     service:
>       type: LoadBalancer

> > ```

Reviewer: remove `>`

### Customize TiDB parameters

The Terraform scripts provide proper default settings for the TiDB cluster in GKE. You can specify `override_values` or `override_values_file` variables in `tidbclusters.tf` for each TiDB cluster. If both variables are configured, then `override_values` will be enabled and override the default settings. For example:

{{< copyable "" >}}

```
override_values = <<EOF
discovery:
  image: pingcap/tidb-operator:v1.0.1
  imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
  resources:
    limits:
      cpu: 250m
      memory: 150Mi
    requests:
      cpu: 30m
      memory: 30Mi
EOF
```

{{< copyable "" >}}

```
override_values_file = "./test-cluster.yaml"
```

The default cluster uses `values/default.yaml` in the `deploy/modules/gcp/tidb-cluster` module as the overriding values file.

> In GKE, some configuration items are not customizable in `values.yaml`, such as the cluster version, replicas, `NodeSelectors` and `Tolerations`. `NodeSelector` and `Tolerations` are controlled by Terraform to ensure consistency between the infrastructure and TiDB clusters. Cluster version and replicas can be modified in each `tidb-cluster` module in the `clusters.tf` file directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In GKE, some configuration items are not customizable in `values.yaml`, such as the cluster version, replicas, `NodeSelector` and `Tolerations`. `NodeSelector` and `Tolerations` are controlled by Terraform to ensure consistency between the infrastructure and TiDB clusters. Cluster version and replicas can be modified in each `tidb-cluster` module in the `clusters.tf` file directly.
```

> **Note:**
>

> >It's not recommended to include the following configurations (default configurations of `tidb-cluster` module) in the customized `values.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It's not recommended to include the following configurations (default configurations of `tidb-cluster` module) in the customized `values.yaml`:
```

>
> ```
> pd:
>   storageClassName: pd-ssd
> tikv:
>   stroageClassName: local-storage
> tidb:
>   service:
>     type: LoadBalancer
>     annotations:
>       cloud.google.com/load-balancer-type: "Internal"
>   separateSlowLog: true
> monitor:
>   storageClassName: pd-ssd
>   persistent: true
>   grafana:
>     config:
>       GF_AUTH_ANONYMOUS_ENABLED: "true"
>     service:
>       type: LoadBalancer
> ```

### Customize TiDB Operator

> You can customize the TiDB operator by specifying overriding values through the `operator_helm_values` variable or specifying an overriding values file through the `operator_helm_values_file` variable. If both variables are configured, then `operator_helm_values` will be enabled and the value of which will be passed into the `tidb-cluster` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize TiDB Operator by specifying overriding values through the `operator_helm_values` variable or specifying an overriding values file through the `operator_helm_values_file` variable. If both variables are configured, then `operator_helm_values` will be enabled and its value will be passed into the `tidb-cluster` module.
```

### Customize TiDB parameters

The Terraform scripts provide proper default settings for the TiDB cluster in GKE. You can specify `override_values` or `override_values_file` variables in `tidbclusters.tf` for each TiDB cluster. If both variables are configured, then `override_values` will be enabled and override the default settings. For example:

{{< copyable "" >}}

```
override_values = <<EOF
discovery:
  image: pingcap/tidb-operator:v1.0.1
  imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
  resources:
    limits:
      cpu: 250m
      memory: 150Mi
    requests:
      cpu: 30m
      memory: 30Mi
EOF
```

{{< copyable "" >}}

```
override_values_file = "./test-cluster.yaml"
```

The default cluster uses `values/default.yaml` in the `deploy/modules/gcp/tidb-cluster` module as the overriding values file.

> In GKE, some values are not customizable in `values.yaml`, such as the cluster version, replicas, `NodeSelectors` and `Tolerations`. `NodeSelector` and `Tolerations` are controlled by Terraform to ensure consistency between the infrastructure and TiDB clusters. Cluster version and replicas can be modified in each `./tidb-cluster` module in the `clusters.tf` file directly.

Reviewer 2: `./tidb-cluster` -> `tidb-cluster`

- Creating a new directory for each of your Kubernetes clusters, and
- Combining the above modules according to your needs via Terraform scripts.

> In this case, the Terraform states among clusters do not interfere with each other, and it is convenient to expand. Here's an example (assume you are in the project root):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the Terraform states among clusters do not interfere with each other, and it is convenient to expand. Here's an example (assume you are in the project root directory):
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell

> mkdir -p deploy/gcp-staging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mkdir -p deploy/gcp-staging &&
```
